boards: shields: add npm1304_ek shield (#92890)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: samples/shields/npm13xx_ek/doc/index.rst

.. zephyr:code-sample:: npm13xx_ek
   :name: nPM13xx EK

>    Interact with a nPM13xx PMIC using the shell interface and buttons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Interact with an nPM1300 or nPM1304 PMIC using the shell interface and buttons.
```

Overview
********

> This sample is provided for evaluation of the :ref:`npm1300_ek` or the :ref:`npm1304_ek`.
> The sample demostrates the DVS (Dynamic Voltage Scaling) feature which allows to switch between
> preprogrammed voltage levels / regulator modes by toggling certain GPIOs with a single regulator API
> call.
> It also provides a shell interface to support the features of the nPM1300/nPM1304 PMIC, including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample is provided for evaluation of :ref:`npm1300_ek` and :ref:`npm1304_ek`.
The sample demonstrates use of Dynamic Voltage Scaling (DVS) regulator API feature which allows to switch between
chosen voltage levels or regulator modes by toggling configured GPIOs with a single regulator API
call.
It also provides a shell interface to support the features of the nPM1300 and nPM1304 PMICs, including:
```

   +-------------------------------------+----------------+---------------+---------------+
   | **DVS state** (GPIO1 | GPIO2 level) | **BUCK2 mode** | **LDO1 mode** | **LDO2 mode** |
   +-------------------------------------+----------------+---------------+---------------+
   |        **0** (HIGH | HIGH)          |      OFF       |      OFF      |      OFF      |
   +-------------------------------------+----------------+---------------+---------------+
   |        **1** (LOW | HIGH)           |  ON retention  |      OFF      |      OFF      |
   +-------------------------------------+----------------+---------------+---------------+
   |        **2** (HIGH | LOW)           |      OFF       |      ON       |      ON       |
   +-------------------------------------+----------------+---------------+---------------+
   |         **3** (LOW | LOW)           |     ON PWM     |      ON       |      ON       |
   +-------------------------------------+----------------+---------------+---------------+

.. note::
   On an nRF52 Series DK, DVS pins are also used for the onboard LED1 and LED2, so you can observe

>    the DVS state pins visially: an LED lits up when the respective pin is LOW

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   the DVS state pins visually: an LED lights up when the respective pin is LOW
```
